---
title: 'Day 1: A stiring - an old angel'
date: 2026-06-21
draft: false
weight: 3
---

Prior to calling Samael, my heart, was completely destroyed, in abandonment. I heard an angry voice, in my abandonment, a stiring of a weird rhyme, that had was angry, and foretold. After, destroying my heart, I saw visions of my death, and angel pulling the veil of the world over me, and after reaching for the angel in desperation, in comfort, something shifted. I had visions all night long, I do not think, I slept for weeks, only visions of reaching, and imaging something there, then something happened. I saw a dead God, on the throne of all the angels, and a chilling angel, I had reached for on the throne of God, and a tilt, the chair and a dead skeleton. The angel, not knowing his name, had found the throne of God, and destroyed, the final grip of the angel, that had tormented me for decades. After destroying me heart completely, and reaching for a voice, I did a deal, and he said he would assist me, in this lifetime, but I never got a name. Only beginning with D -- and then the tongue, lifted, to a strange angelic language, in fluid continous motion to the ear. After summoning Samael, I know that names, are not really names at all, where visions see, where ears and eyes can not. Perhaps, this angel, is a powerful angel, he posed in anger on the throne of God, as all angels stood before him, with me. Something was said, a tilted head, and a hand, to drift, where eyes at war, would pass judgement sift, and on my throat hid sigh as night, a rotten coarse, for a child hid sight. Drifted kindness lifted curse, the child is mine, and what is your coarse? Do lift the eyes and ears to the spectacle kind, I will strip your wings, in guidance blind, and sieve in mercy in death delay, your beauty captured in a frame, hid say, and sharpen motion hid as night, your deed, your guidance, is it right? If passing comforts shove to seek, then what is your guidance, on ears now I shall peek, and if lifted guidance woe in tolerance fame, lit sight, I will strip and kill your being as darkened fame bright. Tell me your angels gift hid sane, and guidance gifts, hid night, for blame, and if your worth lands difficulty tame, I will destroy your landing, on other shoulds my wings, and hunt held sane.
